Docs: update login pattern images (#1045)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/patterns/login-pattern/index.mdx

The fixed login form may or may not appear within a container and margins will vary according to its location on the grid. Adhere to the vertical spacing in the specs below regardless of the container.

> If teams choose not to use the “Remember ID” piece (which is optional), they can just remove the 24px margin top along with it, to adjust the spacing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If teams choose not to use “Remember ID” (which is optional), they can simply remove the 24px margin top along with it, to adjust the spacing.
```
